## i.

**Approach 1:**

+ doubleL function receives an integer n
+ initializes a list for results
+ gets the numbers in range from zero to n, in each iteration
multiplies the number by 2 and pushes it to the end of the list
+ returns the list

+ when doubleL(5) function call  returns a list, loop iterates the numbers from the list and prints it to the screen separated by ':'


**Approach 2:**

+ a list is created when each number that in range between 0 to 5 are multiplied by 2
+ then the numbers in the list gets printed to the screen separated by ':'


**Approach 3:**

+ doubleG is a generator function that receives an integer n
+ for each number in range between 0 to n, it multiplies by 2 and suspends its current state temporarily using yield then continues in the next call/iteration from where it is left. This creates a sequence.
+ the function returns a generator object

+ the values from the generator object printed to the screen separated by ':'

All Outputs: 
0 : 2 : 4 : 6 : 8 :


## ii.
Since doubleG() is a generator function, it does not store
values in memory as other approaches does store in a list so it has an advantage of being faster than others.
When yield is called, it does the given operation but then 
suspends its state, to be continued in the next call. This repeats until the the loops breaks. It returns a generator object (sequence).
Works similarly compare to other approaches but instead of keeping the entire sequence of data in the memory, it generates the next element when needed.